ACTIVITY OVERVIEW | SALES TRIP 2024
Below you will find a list of all optional activities offered during the Sales trip in Canada and the USA. If you just want to find out about your selected activities, we recommend that you check your personal agenda. There you will find all the times and further information for participants.




Saturday, 05.10.2024 | Halifax
1.	Election program: Walking tour in Halifax

Halifax is considered the gateway to the province of Nova Scotia and one of the (truly) "coolest" harbor cities in Canada. Our tour takes us along historic Hollis Street with its beautiful Gregorian houses. After a stop at the old cemetery and the government building - home to the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia - we continue to St. Paul's Church. Enjoy the great view from Citadel Hill and stroll through the Public Gardens. Let yourself go at the Farmers Market, the library and the waterfront.
 
2.	Leisure time on the Scenic Eclipse

A perfect balance of luxury, relaxation and activity awaits you on the Scenic Eclipse. The modern fitness studio and varied sports courses ensure physical well-being. Those who prefer to improve their culinary skills can take part in gourmet cooking courses and wine tastings at the highest level. Or you can indulge in exclusive spa treatments
(self-pay basis). Immerse yourself in a world where wellness, fitness and indulgence merge into a harmonious overall experience.


Sunday, 06.10.2024 | Lunenburg
1.	Election program: Walking tour in Lunenburg

Discover the unique character of this coastal town, admire the colorful half-timbered houses and learn more about the maritime tradition that makes Lunenburg a unique jewel on Canada's Atlantic coast. Our tour is filled with fascinating history and architecture from the 18th and 19th centuries.
Century. The knowledgeable guides breathe new life into the places with entertaining anecdotes, local stories and unique recommendations. The tour ends with a stop at the Ironworks Distillery in the Old Port, where you can enjoy a
 
small spirits tasting awaits you. You might even find the perfect souvenir here...

2.	Election program: Cliff Walk in Ovens Natural Park

Experience the fascination of the Ovens Natural Park! The 180-hectare park with its wild coastal landscape and impressive sea caves will fascinate you. Experience the beauty of this place as you walk along the well-maintained cliff-top trail and explore the rich landscape and culture of this unspoiled coastline. The thunder of the crashing waves will accompany you as you learn about the unique geology and the history of the gold rush that put The Ovens on the map. The walk is easy to moderate.


3.	Election program: Kayak tour

This kayak tour meanders through the island world around Blue Rocks and Stonehurst and shows why this is the best paddling area in all of Nova Scotia. You start in Blue Rocks, one of the most picturesque fishing villages on the east coast. You soon find yourself surrounded by countless small islands. Around every corner there is a
 
to discover a new, unique panorama. You paddle very sheltered in this area and at the same time have a fantastic view of the open ocean.

4.	Election program: Seaweed Tour

Discover the beauty of the historic UNESCO town of Lunenburg and the surrounding fishing villages. The tour begins with a short drive through the town and then takes you along the beautiful rugged east coast. Listen to stories from the past and present as you enjoy the views of the spectacular scenery and colorful villages. In addition to the picturesque views, this tour offers a fascinating insight into the life of the region. A stop in an authentic little fishing village will allow you to feel the rustic charm of this region. Of course, a few photo stops at particularly impressive cost sections are a must ...

5.	Leisure time on the Scenic Eclipse I

A perfect balance of luxury, relaxation and activity awaits you on the Scenic Eclipse. The modern fitness studio and a wide range of sports courses ensure
 
for physical well-being. Those who prefer to improve their culinary skills can take part in gourmet cooking courses and wine tastings at the highest level. Or you can indulge in exclusive spa treatments (self-pay basis). Immerse yourself in a world where wellness, fitness and indulgence merge into a harmonious overall experience.

Monday, 07.10.2024 | Portland
1.	Election program: Lobster Tour

What would the east coast be without lobster? On this unique tour you dive - hopefully not literally - into the world of Portland lobster fishing. This excursion takes you through the picturesque waters of the region, while experienced guides give you insights into the exclusive and literally tasty shellfish. Admire the stunning coastal scenery and learn more about the traditional lobster fishery, fishing methods and sustainable practices that characterize this industry in Portland.

2.	Election program: Brewery tour
 
   

"Old Port Walk, Talk and Taste". On this enjoyable walk through Portland's beer history, you will wander through a fascinating chapter of the past, experience the charming atmosphere of the city and enjoy the vibrant history of the region and its various brewery locations. During the leisurely walking tour, you will have the opportunity to admire the beauty of the waterfront and explore the secrets of the harbor area, which once served as a hub for the export of alcohol during Prohibition. Enjoy exclusive tastings of craft beers that characterize the region's brewing art. The unique combination of history, architecture and culinary delights makes this excursion an unforgettable experience.

3.	Election program: Bike Tour

Experience Portland in all its glory by bike! The picturesque cycle route begins in the historic Old Port District, where charming brick houses and bustling streets create a nostalgic atmosphere. The route continues over the Casco Bay Bridge, an impressive four-lane bascule bridge with its own bike lane. Cross attractive city districts before your route takes you to some lighthouses and a
 
former military fortress on the coast of Portland. Enjoy the breeze as the scenery of the coastal town passes you by.
The tour is easy to moderately difficult (no e-bikes, somewhat hilly in places).
4.	Election program: Trolley Tour

Hop aboard a nostalgic trolley! On this 1.5-hour ride into picturesque and historic Portland, new stories about the coastal city await around every bend. Discover Maine's oldest lighthouse, the impressive childhood home of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, the magnificent Victoria Mansion and the hustle and bustle of the Old Port. As you drive through the charming streets of the city and later along the impressive rocky coast, gain an insight into the cultural diversity of this region. Look forward to an unforgettable exploration tour of this historic gem!

5.	Leisure time on the Scenic Eclipse I

A perfect balance of luxury, relaxation and activity awaits you on the Scenic Eclipse. The modern fitness studio and varied sports courses ensure physical well-being. For those who prefer to improve their culinary skills
 
If you prefer, you can take part in gourmet cooking courses and wine tastings at the highest level. Or you can indulge in exclusive spa treatments (self-pay basis). Immerse yourself in a world where wellness, fitness and enjoyment merge into a harmonious overall experience.


Tuesday, 08.10.2024 | Boston
1.	Optional program: Minibus Tour incl. Harvard Tour

Immerse yourself in a special kind of exploration tour - a perfect symbiosis of humor and informative anecdotes awaits you on the Boston Minibus Tour! The tour takes us through the city to historic, elegant and lively neighborhoods. Listen to the exciting stories told by the guides in the open-top double-decker buses. The unique combination of humor and knowledge offers not only an entertaining, but also an educational perspective on the city.
Experience Boston in all its diversity and splendor! As part of this tour, you will visit the legendary Harvard University campus. Founded in 1636 with 400,000 alumni worldwide, Harvard is considered a pioneer of academic teaching at the highest level.
Look forward to the omnipresent "Harvard culture" and learn more about famous graduates of this renowned university.
The tour takes place in the morning. It starts and ends at the ship. In the afternoon, shuttles are available for you to explore the city on your own.
 
2.	Optional program: Trolley Tour including Freedom Trail

Immerse yourself in a special kind of exploration tour - a perfect symbiosis of humor and informative anecdotes awaits you on the Boston Trolley Tour! For over 35 years, these typical Boston trolleys have been driving through the city, taking you to historic, elegant and lively neighborhoods. Listen to the exciting stories of the guides in the open double-decker buses. The unique combination of humor and knowledge offers not only an entertaining but also an educational perspective on the city.
Experience Boston in all its diversity and splendor!
If you choose this trolley tour, you can expect a fascinating journey through the history of the revolution. On the integrated walking tour, accompanied by a local guide, you will visit 11 of the 16 official Freedom Trail historic sites. These include the Boston Common, the Massachusetts State House, the Granary Burying Ground, the Old South Meeting House and the site of the Boston Massacre. Experience history up close as you learn about the milestones of the past.
The tour takes place in the morning. It starts and ends at the ship. In the afternoon, shuttles are available for you to explore the city on your own.
 
3.	Election program: Duck Tour
Experience Boston in a whole new way with the Boston Duck Tour - perfect for exploring Boston by both land and water! The "Ducks", converted World War II amphibious vehicles, not only bring you closer to the city, but also make the tour unique, entertaining and unforgettable. Boston's storied past passes you by as you pass unique neighborhoods and historic landmarks that made Boston the Cradle of Liberty and the City of Firsts. Experience a
Tour, which not only



informative, but also a real pleasure!
The tour takes place in the morning. It starts and ends at the ship. In the afternoon, shuttles are available for you to explore the city on your own.

4.	







Election program: Boston on your own
 

Exploring Boston on your own is a journey through American history and a mixture of tradition and modernity.
Start with the Freedom Trail, which takes you to historic sites such as the Massachusetts State House, the Old North Church and the USS Constitution Museum. Stroll through the lively Faneuil Hall neighborhood, where street performers perform and local delicacies are on offer. Immerse yourself in the world of education by visiting the famous Harvard and MIT universities or exploring charming Beacon Hill, known for its cobblestone streets and historic houses. Don't forget to enjoy the view from the Skywalk Observatory or Boston Harbor and experience the diversity of the city in neighborhoods like Chinatown and Little Italy.
Boston has many stories to tell, so dive in and discover its fascinating facets.
Please note: The bus shuttles are only available in the afternoon. If you want to go into the city in the morning, we ask you to organize this on your own.
Wednesday, 09.10.2024 | Provincetown
1.	Election program: Dune tour

Do you love nature? The dune tour in Provincetown, at the far end of Cape Cod, promises an exciting journey through a unique landscape. In specially equipped off- road vehicles, you will explore the breathtaking dunes, enjoy magnificent views of the Atlantic Ocean and learn from your guides
 
interesting stories about the ecological importance and history of this region. Immerse yourself in the incomparable flora and fauna of this stretch of coast and have your camera ready!


2.	Election program: Culinary experience @ Mac's

Fish lovers will get their money's worth on this tour! Because Sylt has Gosch, Provincetown has Mac's. Take a look behind the scenes of the fish empire of Mac Hay, restaurant & fish market owner. Take a look "backstage" and
learn the secret of the popularity of Mac's menu during a live fish preparation demonstration. And of course
you can also enjoy the (culinary) delights of Mac's legendary fish & chips yourself!

3.	Election program: E-bike tour


This excursion is just the thing for active people and nature lovers! Discover Provincetown on our 15-kilometer e-bike tour. The relaxed
 
The route leads through charming roads, along the coast and through dune landscapes. The electric bikes make cycling effortless and allow for stops at lighthouses and viewpoints. Experience the natural beauty of Provincetown at your own pace - sustainable and "open air".

4.	Election program: Provincetown on your own

Provincetown's welcoming and open atmosphere invites you to discover the town on your own and promises a unique blend of art, culture, history and stunning coastal scenery. Explore the charming town center, lined with boutiques, art galleries and cozy cafes. Visit the Pilgrim Monument for panoramic views of the city and ocean.
5.	Leisure time on the Scenic Eclipse I

A perfect balance of luxury, relaxation and activity awaits you on the Scenic Eclipse. The modern fitness studio and varied sports courses ensure physical well-being. Those who prefer to improve their culinary skills can take part in gourmet cooking courses and wine tastings at the highest level. Or you can pamper yourself with exclusive spa treatments
 
(self-pay basis). Immerse yourself in a world where wellness, fitness and enjoyment merge into a harmonious overall experience.


Thursday, 10.10.2024 | Marthas Vineyard
1.	Group activity: Exploring Martha's Vineyard

Enjoy the picturesque beauty of Martha's Vineyard on our custom-designed tour! It takes you to some of the island's most iconic sites, including the imposing Aquinnah Lighthouse and elegant Edgartown. You'll start in Oak Bluffs, a lively seaside town with colorful Victorian homes and an unmistakable charm. The Aquinnah Lighthouse, perched high above the cliffs in white and red stripes, is sure to impress you with its breathtaking views of the Atlantic Ocean and the natural beauty of the surrounding area. Stroll through chic Edgartown, a charming town with historic flair. Stroll through the cobblestone streets, admire the elegant captain's houses and explore the picturesque harbor. The town offers a rich history and a relaxed atmosphere that invites you to stroll and enjoy. We won't give everything away, just this much: each stop will offer you unforgettable impressions of one of the most enchanting islands on the east coast.


Friday, 11.10.2024 | New York City
 
1.	Election program: 9/11 Memorial & Financial District exploration tour








Join us on a fascinating tour that starts on Wall Street and takes you through the heart of New York City's Financial District. On the way to the impressive 9/11 Memorial, you will not only experience the bustling atmosphere of Wall Street, but also explore the innovative design of the Oculus, an architectural masterpiece and transportation hub.
Enjoy a spectacular 360° view from the observation deck on the 100th floor of the One World Observatory and immerse yourself in the moving history of the Twin Towers at the 9/11 Museum. The tour not only offers insights into the financial history and commemoration of the events of September 11, but also provides a glimpse of cutting-edge architecture and urban development.
2.	Election program: Brooklyn exploration tour


A visit to New York City today is not complete without exploring Brooklyn! Once an immigrant mecca in the early 20th century, it now attracts many celebrities and artists. Fancy creative art galleries, trendy boutiques and impressive views of the Manhattan skyline? Then come with us
 
to DUMBO (Down Under the Manhattan Bride Overpass). The detour to Brooklyn Heights on the East River also promises a lot of beauty: magnificent old brownstone buildings, elegant streets and shady promenades. A walk across the world-famous Brooklyn Bridge is also on the program. Even if you already know New York City, a completely new perspective on the metropolis of millions awaits you here. Look forward to inspiring and impressive highlights as well as a unique view of the breathtaking Manhattan skyline.

3.	Optional program: High Line Park incl. Chelsea Market & Greenwich Village exploration tour
Welcome to the Greenwich Village Tour! Join us to explore New York City's unique neighborhood with our High Line Park Tour, which includes a visit to Chelsea Market and a stroll through charming Greenwich Village. The High Line Park, a former freight train track, impresses as a green oasis above the streets of Manhattan, while Chelsea Market offers culinary delights and local delicacies.
Afterwards, discover the historic and artistic Greenwich Village. Stroll through the tree-lined streets past historic brownstone houses and experience the bohemian atmosphere of this vibrant neighborhood. This tour combines nature, culinary delights and culture and provides a varied insight into the vibrant life of New York.
 
4.	Optional program: Central Park, Upper East Side, Harlem exploration tour

This journey across Manhattan takes you to the most beautiful corners of Central Park, starting with a breathtaking view of the Manhattan skyline from Sheep Meadow. You stroll along impressive avenues lined with majestic American elms. Continue to the elegant Upper East Side with its urban glamor, the city's best museums and impressive magnificent buildings. Finally, you will immerse yourself in the lively atmosphere of Harlem, a cultural hotspot with a rich history. With this tour, you will explore the diversity and completely different faces of New York City and have the opportunity to recharge your batteries in the "green lung" of Manhattan.


5.	Election program: New York City on your own


Getting around New York City on your own means soaking up the vibrant energy of the city. Explore iconic landmarks such as the Times
 
Square, the Statue of Liberty and Central Park. Stroll through districts such as SoHo, Greenwich Village and Chelsea to experience the cultural flair, street art and variety of restaurants.
Enjoy the magnificent view from the Top of the Rock or the Empire State Building. Stroll along the streets and immerse yourself in the fascinating city.
